













What We Do (EN) – Gadget































DE


DE










SHOWS
ARTISTS
FESTIVALS
WHAT WE DO
ABOUT
GREEN GADGET
MEDIA

















Shows & Booking
Artist Management
Festivals
Label & Publishing
Events & Hospitality
Brand Partnerships



Gadget abc Entertainment Group AG covers all facets of musical experiences: from live entertainment (shows & touring) and festivals all the way to artist management (including labels & publishing), event management, hospitality, and brand partnerships (marketing, consulting, activation). The company is a major player in the Swiss entertainment market.



 Shows & Booking
With lots of enthusiasm and passion we accompany artists on their way from smaller club stages to the largest stadiums. Each year we organise or act as brokers for more than 500 concerts throughout Switzerland.
Gadget is the promoter and booking agent of numerous successful Swiss artists such as Hecht, Pegasus, Stress, Baschi, Dabu Fantastic, and Ikan Hyu as well as the promoter for countless international artists such as Rammstein, the Rolling Stones, AC/DC, Pearl Jam, Céline Dion, Deichkind, and Sunrise Avenue. We have been collaborating closely with stars like Imagine Dragons, George Ezra, Mark Forster, or AnnenMayKantereit ever since their first gigs in Switzerland in small clubs or bars.
Contact: booking@gadget.ch



 Festivals
Every summer, the big and not-so-big names of the Swiss and international music scenes cross paths in Switzerland. This country is proud to feature the world’s highest concentration of festivals, and we are proud to be a part of this creative community, offering attractive platforms to many artists and unforgettable moments to numerous visitors of our own music festivals.
An overview of all the festivals
Contact: festivals@gadget.ch



 Artist Management
Since the very beginning we have been working with promising talents and are committed to actively promoting the careers of our artists. Our flexible environment ensures an optimal, personalised, and customised degree of support for each and every artist.
We provide booking and artist management services to artists and also have our own label with an associated publishing company.
Thanks to the close in-house cooperation with the brand partnership team, our specialists can create custom-made marketing solutions for each artist.
Whether it’s an all-inclusive model covering the entire value chain or just a few individual aspects: Gadget offers artists customised solutions with corresponding teams.
In addition to long-standing partnerships with many of the most successful Swiss artists, Gadget also cooperates with promising new talents.
An overview of all the artists
Contact: artistmanagement@gadget.ch



 Label & Publishing
Since 2005, Gadget has had its own label so that in addition to managing artists we can also publish the music of individual artists ourselves. This allows the musicians to grow step-by-step, carefully and sustainably promoting and furthering their careers according to our 360-degree model – in Switzerland and abroad. Gadget Records’ label catalogue is comprised of about 50 publications. Among them are several number 1 albums and works of award-winning acts such as 77 Bombay Street, Krokus, Lovebugs, Dada Ante Portas, and Hecht as well as breaking acts such as the Pedestrians.
Under the Gadget Records umbrella, the agency also runs a publishing house, taking care of copyrights and administering more than 1,000 titles. The catalogue contains the works of all label acts as well as artists such as Adrian Stern, Baschi, Stress, and Clawfinger. In close cooperation with network partners and our own brand partnership team, Gadget Records takes an active role in marketing titles for the advertising and film industries.
A&R/Demos
Gadget Records is always interested in the music of young, up-and-coming talents. Our music specialists examine all incoming demos. Please send us your music together with some background information, web links, and contact information. Despite the large number of submissions we always strive to get back to the artists.
Contact: demos@gadget.ch



 Events & Hospitality
As a 360-degree agency with many years’ worth of experience and knowhow in the event business and with an extensive network, we are able to put together music and sports events of any size and develop suitable hospitality offerings. We offer one-stop solutions with all-round care for companies and individuals.
Event Management
We take care of everything that is required for a successful event: from the overall conception all the way to booking the content (musicians, actors and actresses, comedians, hosts) and from F&B concepts and implementation all the way to the technical equipment. We oversee stage construction, sound and lighting equipment, as well as area lighting. Our field of activity even extends to signage (road signs, offer cards, etc.) and traffic guidance, including logistics for arrivals and departures.
Visual implementation and decoration is as important to us as is the recruitment of personnel and local security. For us, multi-use systems and sustainability concepts go hand in hand with suitable customer gifts and corresponding merchandising.
We understand the importance of graphical implementations and can provide just the right form of communication: from text to posters, from flyers to invitations. We expand on the idea of storytelling and provide social media channels and websites with suitable contents and find just the right media or sponsoring partners for our clients.
We treat contracted events just like our own – with a creative approach, strict cost-consciousness, and total budget transparency.
References
In addition to our many years’ worth of experience with festivals such as our very own Openair St.Gallen, SummerDays Festival, Seaside Festival, Unique Moments, and Radar Festival as well as staging our shows, some of our team members were or still are key players in the following events, especially in the area of content:

Large-screen broadcasts of Euro08 football matches
Eidgenössisches Schwing- und Älplerfest Burgdorf 2013 and Estavayer 2016
Gurtenfestival Bern
Honky Tonk Festival St.Gallen
laRotonda (village at the Locarno Film Festival)
Moon & Stars Festival Locarno
Open-air cinemas is eastern Switzerland
Kulturcontainer St.Gallen
Stars of Sounds Aarberg and Murten
Swiss Live Talent Awards
Swiss Music Awards

In addition, we were happy to support the conception, brand design, creation, and/or implementation of the following projects:

Bloom: Brand design, conception, organisation and development of Bloom, the exclusive event platform at the OpenAir St.Gallen.
Lakeside Steakhouse: Brand design, conception, organisation and development of the Lakeside Steakhouse, the special hospitality experience on the grounds of the SummerDays Festival in Arbon.
ØYA: Conception und implementation of the Scandinavian ØYA restaurant in St.Gallen.
Plaza: Brand design, conception, and programming of the Plaza, the lively neighbourhood on the hill across from the main stage at the OpenAir St.Gallen.
Rococo: Brand design, conception, development and design of the modern and stylish Rococo club at the OpenAir St.Gallen.
Schützengarten 1779: Conception of the new event platform of the Schützengarten brewery (Schützengarten Pub).

Contact: events@gadget.ch
Hospitality
We offer companies and individuals a one-stop solution with complete care as VIP guests at shows and concerts. We support you from the planning stage all the way to the implementation. Enjoy the benefits of our many years’ worth of experience, of our creativity, our passion, and our pleasure in what we do. We like to convey experiences and emotions because our goal is to create unforgettable moments. In the hospitality area we like to cooperate with our preferred partner You Are Special – Events AG.
Contact: hospitality@gadget.ch



 Brand Partnerships
Since 2004, Gadget has been consulting and supporting other companies in their efforts to strengthen their activities in the entertainment area and finding corresponding strategic positions for them. With our focus on quality, transparency, and efficiency we emotionalise brands and create authentic campaigns. We create unique content that matches the rhythm of the target audience: brands and experiences become one, stories and emotions become tangible.
Our core competencies
Consulting: We move brands and help develop entertainment strategies and marketing activations.
Conception: We create new worlds and tell stories. All of our partners benefit from our knowhow and our extensive network.
Implementation: We implement concepts and take care of all legal, communication, and conceptional components.
References
Gadget has developed successful branded entertainment strategies and acted as a strategic and conceptional consultant to a large variety of companies. This has resulted in several proprietary event series such as the MyCokeMusic Soundcheck or 20 Minuten The Showcase, among others.

Coca-Cola
MyCokeMusic Soundcheck
Coop
Mövenpick
Schweizer Fleisch

We were chosen as consultants by the following companies:

Basler Versicherungen
Bosch (in Zusammenarbeit mit Rosa Rot)
Credit Suisse
Ford
Smile Direct

Contact: brandpartnerships@gadget.ch







Impressum
AGB
Disclaimer
Newsletter

















©2023 – Gadget abc Entertainment Group AG – All rights reserved





