













About (EN) – Gadget
































DE


DE










SHOWS
ARTISTS
FESTIVALS
WHAT WE DO
ABOUT
GREEN GADGET
MEDIA

















Team
Who We Are
History
Partner
Jobs
Contact





Team


Filter nach Team


Team
Management
Consulting
Concerts & Touring
Festivals & Events
Artists & Brands
Business Operations
Finance & Administration



Team
Management
Consulting
Concerts & Touring
Festivals & Events
Artists & Brands
Business Operations
Finance & Administration

 




 

Reto Balz 
Ticketing Manager  Concerts & Touring
reto.balz@gadget.ch




As a frequent concert and festival visitor, I am passionate about music. After a stint in the banking world, I soon realised that I needed to return to the music business, to unforgettable moments, to drums and guitar riffs!









 

Caroline Birrer 
Office Manager
caroline.birrer@gadget.ch




Happy faces before, during and after concerts. Experiencing incomparable moments together. Nice to be a part of it.









 

Sarah Blum 
Head of Project Management  Concerts & Touring 
sarah.blum@gadget.ch




I’ll solve this case in any case.









 

Barbara Burger 
Manager Ticketing & Cashless Festivals & Events
barbara.burger@gadget.ch




I’ve been infected with festival fever since 1992 and am fascinated by the flexible interplay of the most varied disciplines. Work – leisure – colleagues – friends – family. True love!









 

Sarah Christener 
Artist Manager
sarah.christener@gadget.ch




I like punk and cats. But what I love even more is to work artists from all over Switzerland, to interact with their works, and to experience the emotions. To sum it up: Music above all, always.









 

Philippe Cornu 
Project Manager Festivals  Head of Events 
philippe.cornu@gadget.ch




In 1974, at the tender age of 14 while attending a Rolling Stones concert in Bern I realised: This will become my world! Organising concerts, bringing people together, creating collective experiences, spreading joy.









 

Pascal Frei 
Manager Marketing & Communications  Festivals & Events
pascal.frei@gadget.ch




Whether the stage is small or large, whether I’m listening via headphones or loudspeakers, whether I’m at a festival, in a club, at home, or on the road: I’m always in search of the next musical revelation.









 

Nora Fuchs 
Head of Marketing & Communications  Festivals & Events
nora.fuchs@gadget.ch




That tingling feeling when the festival opens its doors, the first sounds from the stage, radiant faces and dancing people coming together. Goosebumps. Heightened awareness. That’s why I pour my heart and soul into this.









 

Benedikt Geisseler 
Project Manager  Concerts & Touring
benedikt.geisseler@gadget.ch




Always looking for something new, or as DJ Bobo once said: «A little melody keeps spinning on my mind tonight. I gotcha! It’s the song about Chihuahua.»
 
 









 

Monika Germani 
Payroll Manager / Accounts Receivable/Payable Accountant, Human Resources
monika.germani@gadget.ch




OpenAir St. Gallen, since 1991, a major benchmark at barely 18 years of age. Juggling numbers is great fun in such a lively environment. A life without festivals, concerts, encounters – unimaginable!









 

Nadine Galli 
Project Manager  Concerts & Touring 
nadine.galli@gadget.ch




Addicted to music, concerts and all the beautiful mess around it since 2007!









 

Daytona Häusermann 
Booking Manager  Concerts & Touring
daytona.haeusermann@gadget.ch




«It’s nice to be important, but it’s more important to be nice». – Scooter









 

Priska Hettich 
Head of Accounting Group & Festivals
priska.hettich@gadget.ch




A dancing, singing, happy wave of people moves my heart deeply. And exploring nature with my animals nourishes my soul. Typical bookkeeper!









 

Christof Huber 
PartnerDirector Festivals & Events
christof.huber@gadget.ch




In 1993 a dream became true: I changed my career, joined the OpenAir St. Gallen, and turned my hobbies into my profession. The most beautiful aspect? The encounters with many great people from all over the world.









 

Raoul Hüppi 
Artist Manager
raoul.hueppi@gadget.ch




A picture is worth a thousand words!









 

Melanie Hutter 
Head of Accounting Concerts & Artists
melanie.hutter@gadget.ch






                                    Im Team seit 2021                            






 

Rahel Inauen 
Assistant Marketing Communications  Festivals & Events
rahel.inauen@gadget.ch













 

Olivier Joye 
Head of Booking  Concerts & Touring 
olivier.joye@gadget.ch




Zero mistakes at the bike-riding exam, 100% positive reviews at the Ricardo auction site.









 

Joshua Kneubühler 
Trainee Artist & Labelmanagement
joshua.kneubuehler@gadget.ch













 

Eric Kramer 
Managing Partner  Director Business Operations
eric.kramer@gadget.ch




I began organising concerts while still in secondary school. It soon became apparent: I’ll turn this passion into my profession. In 1994, I founded the Gadget agency. The rest is history. A history full of passion!









 

Bianca Krucker 
Assistant Project Manager  Festivals & Events
bianca.krucker@gadget.ch




Concerts are very emotional events for me. It is nice to see how so many different people come together in this way.









 

Jessica Manhart 
Project Manager  Concerts & Touring 
jessica.manhart@gadget.ch













 

Steven Mandel 
Booking Manager  Concerts & Touring
steven.mandel@gadget.ch













 

Brigitte Meier 
Accounts Receivable/Payable Accountant
brigitte.meier@gadget.ch




Numbers are my forte, and accounting offers a wide range of tasks. Performance indicators tell stories, as does music. I really enjoy working in such a diverse industry.









 

Désirée Messmer 
Manager Staff & Volunteers  Festivals & Events
desiree.messmer@gadget.ch




If I find myself in the midst of thousands of people surrounded by captivating music, I’m happy. To convey this feeling to others gives me the greatest joy.









 

Anica Mirosavljevic 
Ticketing Manager  Concerts & Touring 
anica.mirosavljevic@gadget.ch













 

Danijela Mitrovic 
Accounts Payable Receivable Accountant
danijela.mitrovic@gadget.ch




Choose kindness and laugh often.


                                    Im Team seit 2021                            






 

Jennifer Moosmann 
Head of F&B  Festivals & Events
jennifer.moosmann@gadget.ch




I would move mountains for good food, a crisp draft beer and good live music – what better task could there be than to help create exactly these unforgettable moments for our audience.


                                    Im Team seit 2022                            






 

Cindy Müller 
Label Manager
cindy.mueller@gadget.ch




Behind the scenes since 2001.









 

Sherlyn Müller 
Brand Partnerships Manager
sherlyn.mueller@gadget.ch




All these people with the same passion and all those incredible moments – I wouldn’t want to miss it.









 

Jérôme Oppliger 
Sustainability Manager
jerome.oppliger@gadget.ch













 

Tina Pilla 
Ticketing Manager Concerts & Touring
tina.pilla@gadget.ch




The moment a concert begins… Pure goosebumps. That’s why I love my job.









 

Daniel Plüss 
Head of Controlling & Reporting
daniel.pluess@gadget.ch




Don’t cook the books, just turn the page for a new chapter. Keep striving and be kind!









 

Jeannette Riesen 
Manager Marketing & Communications  Festivals & Events
jeannette.riesen@gadget.ch




Music, events, and many emotions. That’s what I love!









 

Pascal Rötheli 
Production Manager Festivals  Event Manager
pascal.roetheli@gadget.ch




Punk rock and ska, these are my roots. Then came a few initial concerts, first on a small scale, then for clubs and festivals. My musical spectrum has become bigger, but the joy has remained.









 

Oliver Rosa 
Managing Partner Director Artists & Brands
oliver.rosa@gadget.ch




Around the turn of the millennium, Mike Skinner of The Streets rapped: “Let’s Push Things Forward”. The same kind of passion has driven me for the past 20 years. Because Skinner is also in on another secret: “None Of Us Are Getting Out Of This Life Alive”.









 

Jan Schönenberger 
Reporting & Controlling
jan.schoenenberger@gadget.ch




Music touches and connects people. I know that from my own experience as a player of the hammered dulcimer. To be a part of this creative process brings me great joy.









 

Sandra Schweizer 
Booking Manager  Concerts & Touring 
sandra.schweizer@gadget.ch




Standing in front of the stage, watching all those dancing and singing people celebrate together in a sold-out arena – what can be more beautiful than those unforgettable moments?









 

Cyrill Stadler 
Partner Director Finance
cyrill.stadler@gadget.ch




Ever since the OpenAir St. Gallen has become a fixed part of my life in the early 1990’s, the music industry has taken a hold of me. A matter of the heart!









 

Sophie Stempner 
Business Development Manager
sophie.stempner@gadget.ch




Okaaaaaaaaaaay, let’s go.









 

Marion Streit 
Process Manager  Concerts & Touring 
marion.streit@gadget.ch




In 1995, the founders of Gadget allowed me to take a glance behind the scenes. I was immediately captivated. As promised, I returned to the Gadget team after a trip around the world, and I have been there ever since.









 

Hanna Thurner 
Project Manager  Concerts & Touring 
hanna.thurner@gadget.ch




Be nice.









 

Chris Wepfer 
Consultant Gadget Records
chris.wepfer@gadget.ch













 

Caroline Wiprächtiger 
Production Manager / Manager Staff & Volunteers  Festivals & Events
caroline.wipraechtiger@gadget.ch




Forgetting everyday life for a moment and diving into another world. This is exactly why I love concerts & festivals. This is exactly why I love what I do.









 

Fabienne Wolfschläger 
Head of Content  Festivals & Events
fabienne.wolfschlaeger@gadget.ch




Half of the streamings of The National are due to me, and the Sittertobel has been my home away from home since the tender age of 15. Also: a distinct weakness for quiet tones and goosebump moments under an open sky.









 

Stefan Wyss 
Partner  Director Concerts & Touring 
stefan.wyss@gadget.ch




As a child, I decided that I’d join the circus when I was grown up. I got close!









 

Jsabel Zaugg 
Project Assistant  Festivals & Events
jsabel.zaugg@gadget.ch




Music
Universal language of mankind;
harmonious connection of all living beings;
tells stories, heals wounds and accompanies you in every situation of your life;
makes gray days colorful.
Whether day dance, concert or symphony orchestra – immersed in it instead of just being there.
Music on, world off!









Who We Are
We are the largest fullservice agency in the Swiss music and event industry, organising and promoting concerts and festivals. We are committed to creating unforgettable live moments for a large, interested audience as well as to take up the careers of our artists in an early stage, develop them together and establish in a long term.
We may be many individuals, but we consider ourselves one team, working closely and passionately together to create a common vision. This is why our employees continuously hone their skills because it is the only way to jointly achieve greatness.
We believe in talents and the importance of individual advancement and encouragement. We are committed to accompanying young artists along their paths and are always there when questions arise.
As professional and trusted partners, the requirements of our stakeholders are close to our hearts. We are close to our employees, the audiences, the artists, and our business partners – at the pulse of life.
In this dynamic environment we act swiftly, always with the customer in mind and adhering to the highest standards of quality. Creativity and innovation are the pillars of our work.
We are committed to tolerance, acceptance, and cultural diversity. Everything we do is based on social responsibility and fairness towards our fellow human beings and our environment. To us, sustainability means to act in an ecologically, socially, and economically conscious fashion.
We see ourselves as ambassadors of an open Switzerland and a peaceful Europe. We support the solidarity among all people, regardless of gender, religion, sexual orientation, or origin.
Facts & Figures

Employees: 48
Company locations: Zurich, St.Gallen, Bern
Number of shows per year: approx. 500
Own festivals: 6 (Openair St.Gallen, SummerDays, Seaside Festival, Unique Moments, Radar Festival, Spex Festival)




History
One thing is certain: our success story goes way back! It is the story of five protagonists who have found each other to join forces and unify their impressive experiences and passion together with a motivated team.
The first Openair St. Gallen took place in 1977. Christof Huber was 7 years old back then and never would have thought that someday he would decisively shape this legendary festival as its director. Based on his initiative, the Swiss Wepromote enterprises joined forces in 2015. Today, Huber manages the company’s festival activities in addition to managing Yourope, the Association of European Festivals. In 2007, his long-term companion Cyrill Stadler quit his banking career in order to dedicate his flair for numbers and quick wit for the benefit of the Swiss festival scene.
In 1994, Eric Kramer finished high school and immediately laid the foundation for today’s Gadget abc Entertainment Group of which he is the Business Director and Managing Partner. The agency soon became a management and booking leader. Due to the close cooperation with several Swiss musicians, it did not take long for the company’s very own label Gadget Records (including a publishing house) to follow suit, and first consulting mandates in the area of entertainment marketing came shortly afterwards. In 2005, the former club promoter and full-blooded event organiser Stefan Wyss joined the company, established the company’s live entertainment division and continuously expanded it, leading up to today’s role as manager of the Concert & Touring division. The corner stones for the new 360-degree business model were laid long before it even became “en vogue” in the industry.
Oliver Rosa, former manager of Warner Music Switzerland and founder as well as long-time producer of the Swiss Music Awards, joined Gadget in 2018. Together with Eric Kramer he acts as the company’s Managing Partner. He is the head of the Artists & Creation division that is not only dedicated to promoting the careers of a multitude of artists, but also makes use of Gadget’s enormous expertise in the areas of marketing, events, and hospitality.
The Berne office continues to benefit from many years’ worth of experience by Philippe Cornu who organised his first open air festival at the Schadaupark in Thun in 1986 and then moved on to organise the Gurtenfestival for 28 years. He also contributes his vast expertise in the areas of events and hospitality.
Finally, in early 2020, the companies that had been successfully cooperating under the Wepromote umbrella for several years (OpenAir St. Gallen, several other festivals as well as partner agencies among them) joined forces with Gadget and CTS Eventim. The European market leader as major shareholder contributed the business of the abc group to the new company that henceforth became known as Gadget abc Entertainment Group AG.
This completes the circle of the five partners and their long-term close associates. As industry experts in a variety of fields and passionate music fans, they are the new market leaders, committed to jointly providing musical experiences in the areas of live entertainment (shows & touring), festivals, artist management (including label & publishing), event management, hospitality, as well as brand partnerships (marketing, consulting, and activation).



Partner
Preferred Partner

Act Entertainment AG
Action Booking
All In One Communication AG
Apple Music
Argovia Fäscht
Capitano Music GmbH
Chili productions GmbH
domino Event SARL
MAAG Music & Arts AG
Open Air Kino Cinair AG
Opus One
Phonag Records AG
PSS Production Service Switzerland AG
Sony Music Music Entertainment Switzerland AG
Stars in Town AG
Suisa
Swissperform
Takk Productions
Ticketcorner AG
Two Gentlemen
Universal Music Switzerland AG
You Are Special – Events AG
Zebralution AG

Show Partner

Raiffeisen

Memberships

IFPI Schweiz
MMF Suisse
Swiss Music Promoters Association (SMPA) 
Yourope – The European Festival Association
Suissimage

What We Stand For

Augen auf beim Ticketkauf
Keychange
Take a Stand




Jobs


Our friends at PSS are looking for a Production Manager (f/m/d)




Are you interested in becoming part of our team? You are welcome to send us an unsolicited application to: jobs@gadget.ch




Contact


Zürich (main office)
Gadget abc Entertainment Group AG
Lagerstrasse 119
8004 Zürich | Switzerland 
info@gadget.ch
T +41 58 225 85 85


 St.Gallen (branch office)
Gadget abc Entertainment Group AG
Heiligkreuzstrasse 9
9008 St. Gallen | Switzerland
info@gadget.ch
T +41 58 225 85 00


Bern
Gadget abc Entertainment Group AG
Thunstrasse 17
3005 Bern | Switzerland
info@gadget.ch
T +41 58 225 85 01








Impressum
AGB
Disclaimer
Newsletter

















©2023 – Gadget abc Entertainment Group AG – All rights reserved





